Updated documentation related to power meter integration (#3184)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: cookbook/power_meter.rst

    :description: Instructions for hacking your power meter at home to measure your power usage.
    :image: power_meter.jpg

So an essential part of making your home smart is knowing how much power it uses over the day. Tracking this can be difficult, often you need to install a completely new power meter which can often cost a bunch of money. However, quite a few power meters have a red LED on the front that blinks every time that one Wh has been used.

> The simple idea therefore is: Why don't we just abuse that functionality to make the power-meter IoT enabled? We just have to hook up a simple photoresistor in front of that aforementioned LED and track the amount of pulses we receive. Then using ESPHome we can instantly have the power meter show up in Home Assistant 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simple idea therefore is: Why don't we just abuse that functionality to make the power-meter IoT enabled? We just have to hook up a simple photoresistor in front of that aforementioned LED and track the number of pulses we receive. Then using ESPHome we can instantly have the power meter show up in Home Assistant 🎉
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        sensor:
          - platform: pulse_meter
            # ...
            filters:
              - average_throttle: 10s
              - filter_out: NaN

.. note::

    The ``pulse_meter`` sensor has an internal filter that is used to debounce the input signal. This filter is set to ``13us`` by default. To increase the safety margin, you can increase this value. For this you need to know the *minimum pulse width* that you can expect to see from your power meter within the expected load range.

    The minimum pulse width threshold is determined by considering the upper limit of the *load* the meter is designed to handle, as well as the meter's *impulse constant* (``x pulses / kWh``). Here's the calculation involved:

    - **Load Limit in Watts**: Establish the *upper load limit* that the meter is designed to measure. For example, if the limit is 16 kW (16,000 Watts), this becomes a reference point.

>     - **Pulse Rate Calculation**: Determine the pulse rate corresponding to this load limit. For this we need to know the impulse constant. In our example, the power meter has an impulse constant of ``10000 pulses/kWh``. Dividing both sides by 60s gives us ``166.67 pulses/s = 60 kWs``. This means that ``60 kWs`` corresponds to 1,000 impulses per 6 seconds, or 166.67 impulses per second. Scaling this down to 16 kW, we get ``16 kWs = 44.44 Pulses/s``  (or 400 pulses per 9 seconds). This is the upper bound of the pulse rate we expect to see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Pulse Rate Calculation**: Determine the pulse rate corresponding to this load limit. For this we need to know the impulse constant. In our example, the power meter has an impulse constant of ``10000 pulses/kWh``, resulting in 160000 pulses per hour at the maximum 16kW load, i.e. 44.4 pulses/second.
```

>     - **Minimum Pulse Width Calculation**: Use the pulse rate to calculate the minimum pulse width threshold. Employ the formula: ``Minimum Pulse Width (seconds) = Time Period / Number of Pulses``. In our example, with a time period of 9 seconds and 400 pulses, the minimum pulse width we expect to see is approximately 22.5 milliseconds. This means you don't want to increase the internal filter time above ``22.5ms``, or you will start to miss pulses within the expected load range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Minimum Pulse Width Calculation**: Use the pulse rate to calculate the minimum pulse width threshold. In our example, with a maximum pulse rate of 44.4/sec, the minimum pulse width we expect to see is approximately 22.5 milliseconds. Choose a slightly smaller value than this to avoid missing pulses.
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        sensor:
          - platform: pulse_meter
            # ...

>             internal_filter: 22.5ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            internal_filter: 20ms
```
